docs: contracts and config for Testnet v3 (#1872)
MystenLabs/walrus: testnet-contracts/README.md

## Updating the contracts

To update the contracts, you need access to the wallet that published the contracts (address
`0x181816cd2efb860628385e8653b37260d0d065c844803b23852799cc19ee2c28`). Then, do the following:

1. Modify the source files in this directory and commit your changes.
1. Create a draft PR and have it reviewed.

> 1. Publish the updated contracts and update the version information in the `walrus/Move.lock`:

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
```suggestion
1. Publish the updated contracts:
  - Either as quorum-based upgrade by having the storage nodes vote on the upgrade (using the `walrus node-admin vote-for-upgrade` command, and then deploying the upgrade using `walrus-deploy upgrade`.
  - Or by using the `walrus-deploy emergency-upgrade` command.
```

The `Move.lock` should be updated automatically.

I need to add some docs describing the contract upgrades, then we can link to that at some point 😅

   ```sh
   WALRUS_ORIGINAL_PKG_ID=0xd84704c17fc870b8764832c535aa6b11f21a95cd6f5bb38a9b07d2cf42220c66
   ADMIN_WALLET=/path/to/admin/wallet.yaml
   sui client --client.config "$ADMIN_WALLET" switch --env testnet
   UPGRADE_CAP=$(sui client --client.config "$ADMIN_WALLET" objects --json | jq -r '.[] | select(.data.type|test("UpgradeCap")) | .data.objectId')
   sui client --client.config "$ADMIN_WALLET" upgrade --upgrade-capability "$UPGRADE_CAP" --with-unpublished-dependencies

   # Take the latest package ID and version number from the output of the above command.
   NEW_PKG_ID=
   NEW_PKG_VERSION=

   sui move manage-package --environment "$(sui client active-env)" \
   --network-id "$(sui client --client.config "$ADMIN_WALLET" chain-identifier)" \
   --original-id "$WALRUS_ORIGINAL_PKG_ID" \
   --latest-id "$NEW_PKG_ID" \
   --version-number "$NEW_PKG_VERSION"

>    ```

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove this, this was only necessary for testnet V1 which was initially published without automated package management. This is no longer necessary.
